ffi-inliner
  by Andrea Fazzi
  http://github.com/remogatto/ffi-inliner

== DESCRIPTION:

With ffi-inliner you can run C code within your ruby script.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* Mix C snippets in your Ruby code and gulp it on the fly!
* It's based on Ruby-FFI so the C code you inject is portable across
  Ruby implementation!
* Yep, it means that you can run it on JRuby too!
* Fast compilation through tcc[http://bellard.org/tcc/]
* But it can use the system's compiler (e.g. gcc) on those platforms
  that don't support tcc (e.g. OSX)

== SYNOPSIS:

  require 'ffi-inliner'

  module MyLib
    extend Inliner
    inline 'void say_hello(char* name) { printf("Hello, %s\n", name); }'
  end

  MyLib.say_hello('boys')

  class Foo
    include MyLib
  end

  Foo.new.say_hello('foos')

For other hints see the examples/ folder or visit the
wiki[http://wiki.github.com/remogatto/ffi-inliner/tutorial]. For a
"real" world example you may be interested to
ffi-life[http://github.com/remogatto/ffi-life].

== REQUIREMENTS:

* ffi >= 0.4.0
* gcc and/or tcc >= 0.9.25 (optional)

== DOWNLOAD/INSTALL:

From rubyforge:

  [sudo] gem install ffi-inliner

or from github:

  git clone git://github.com/remogatto/ffi-inliner
  cd ffi-inliner
  sudo rake gem:install

== CREDITS

This software is inspired to
RubyInline[http://www.zenspider.com/ZSS/Products/RubyInline/] by Ryan
Davis. Thank you Ryan.

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 Andrea Fazzi

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
